README.md, before:

# Audit S3 file upload actions

Creates audit records to DynamoDb table regarding all files are uploaded to S3

![Event Flow](https://github.com/ArkadiyShuvaev/s3-lambda-dynamodb-typescript/blob/master/s3-lambda-dynamodb.png)

## Deploy the application

1. To test the project, you need the following tools:

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Node.js - [Install Node.js 10](https://nodejs.org/en/), including the NPM package management tool.

2. To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

* Install all dependencies:
```bash
cd my-app
npm install
```
* Transpile to JavaScript:
```bash
cd ../
tsc
```
* Validate and build:
```bash
sam validate
sam build
```
* Create the "s3-lambda-dynamodb-code" S3 bucket to use it as a package repository:
```bash
aws s3 mb s3://s3-lambda-dynamodb-code --region eu-central-1
```
* Deploy to AWS by assuming that the stack name is called "s3-lambda-dynamodb":
```bash
sam deploy --stack-name s3-lambda-dynamodb --region eu-central-1 --s3-bucket s3-lambda-dynamodb-code --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM
```

## Cleanup
To delete the application that you created, use the AWS CLI again. Assuming you used the "s3-lambda-dynamodb" name for the stack name, you can run the following:

* Delete all files from the "s3lambdadynamobucket" bucket first. Otherwise, AWS CloudFormation will not be able to remove the not-empty bucket
* Remove an AWS CloudFormation stack:
```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name s3-lambda-dynamodb
```

Commit message:

moved table name to environment variable

README.md, after:

# Audit S3 file upload actions

Creates audit records to DynamoDb table regarding all files are uploaded to S3

![Event Flow](https://github.com/ArkadiyShuvaev/s3-lambda-dynamodb-typescript/blob/master/s3-lambda-dynamodb.png)

## In the comparison with the learning example this project supports:

1. Typescript support
2. An environment variable of the DynamoDb table name is deployed through the template [template.yaml](https://github.com/ArkadiyShuvaev/s3-lambda-dynamodb-typescript/blob/master/template.yaml)
3. Resource names for S3, DynamoDb and Lambda are specified in the template file as well


## Deploy the application

1. To test the project, you need the following tools:

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Node.js - [Install Node.js 10](https://nodejs.org/en/), including the NPM package management tool.

2. To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

* Install all dependencies:
```bash
cd my-app
npm install
```
* Transpile to JavaScript:
```bash
cd ../
tsc
```
* Validate and build:
```bash
sam validate
sam build
```
* Create the "s3-lambda-dynamodb-code" S3 bucket to use it as a package repository:
```bash
aws s3 mb s3://s3-lambda-dynamodb-code --region eu-central-1
```
* Deploy to AWS by assuming that the stack name is called "s3-lambda-dynamodb":
```bash
sam deploy --stack-name s3-lambda-dynamodb --region eu-central-1 --s3-bucket s3-lambda-dynamodb-code --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM
```

## Cleanup
To delete the application that you created, use the AWS CLI again. Assuming you used the "s3-lambda-dynamodb" name for the stack name, you can run the following:

* Delete all files from the "s3lambdadynamobucket" bucket first. Otherwise, AWS CloudFormation will not be able to remove the not-empty bucket
* Remove an AWS CloudFormation stack:
```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name s3-lambda-dynamodb
```
